---
layout: post
title: Nanoisms
tags: blog
---

After an inexplicable and inexcusable absence last year (actually it was mostly because I was over in Europe travelling and whatever), I have decided to return to [NaNoWriMo](http://nanowrimo.org/) this year to see if I still had it in me. Last year was the first time since 2004 that I've actually not written a novel in November! It was a bit strange. 

Anyway it's day 5 and I've still not given up. I seem to even be on track somehow with my wordcount, having last night just broken 6666 words. Here's my opener:

>The River winds on. A hundred thousand million billion trillion molecules of hydrogen atom pairs bonded to oxygen flow in millisecond intervals out to sea. Impurities abound, collected, deposited, added to along the way, from high mountain top rains through all the twists and turns of water cycle samsara. It’s a trap. We rise high; we trickle low.

>All the world is a window. Looking through, one warm, hazy October night was Willow. The ferris wheel had stopped, frozen in time. From that height, the river’s twin winding water-lines, both upstream and down met his field of vision, each meandering off into dual distant horizons. His own faded reflection in the window also bounced back against the glass. A chance percentage of photons flash-danced in quantum space, and returned back from where they came. The cityscape hung as a glowing red, green, & blue, neon, jagged backdrop against a dark sky.

And it gets progressively worse from there!

Just as an almost side-note, as I am using Google Docs this year to write my novel, there is a feature where you can share your work publicly and even allow comments on it from the anonymous viewers. I probably won't keep this public for very long, but I thought it might be an interesting experiment. Here's the link anyway if you want to experience the real-time writing of a really terrible novel in 30 days. [goo.gl/tdcZ0M](http://goo.gl/tdcZ0M)

Edit: If the above link does not work, for kicks I've decided to put the entire unedited manuscript up on the Amazon Kindle store here [www.amazon.com/dp/B00QQ9DHOK](http://www.amazon.com/dp/B00QQ9DHOK)